Let's talk a little bit about the specific skills you'll be
getting before we start our session for today.
We want to first focus on improving your ability to develop decentralized applications.
While developing client-server applications has a certain set of skills,
decentralized applications also require a certain set of skills,
and that's what the focus of this course is going to be.
We also want you to be able to know how to mitigate
problems if they come up in the course of developing,
or even executing your smart contract.
Finally, we want you to be able to easily integrate
third party or third world sources into your smart contract,
and also architected for code immutability.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6